Add Instructor Note on conflicts (#515)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/lesson-content.md

Using this approach, we can build up our lesson one episode at a time.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: instructor

### Working on the same episode or file - possible conflicts

> As we move onto adding more content into learners' lesson repositories, it is quite possible that two or more learners will be working
> on the same episode which could lead to conflicts if they are editing the same portion of the episode simutaneously. 
> 
> If this if relevant in the training - this is a good opporunity to mention to learners that this is a common scenario when working collaboratively, 
> and what steps need to be taken to resolve conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we move onto adding more content into trainees' lesson repositories, it is quite possible that two or more trainees will be working on the same episode. 
This could lead to conflicts if they are editing the same portion of the episode simultaneously. 

Embrace this if it happens in the training! 
It is a good opportunity to mention to trainees that this is a common scenario when working collaboratively and to guide them through steps that need to be taken to resolve conflicts.
```
